For final lab exam Microprocessor & Assembly language lab
1. Write down a code “Hello World!” Print with appropriate message.
2. Write down a code to Scan a character and print it in new line with appropriate message.
3. Write a program to reverse a string with appropriate message.
4. Write a program to convert an uppercase letter to lowercase letter with appropriate message.
5. Write a program to print Hello World horizontally and vertically with appropriate message.
6. Write a program to convert a lowercase letter to uppercase letter with appropriate message.
7. Write a program to compare two numbers and print the greater one with appropriate messages.
8. Write a program for the following pseudocode:
CASE AX
5< Print “Less than 5” 5=
Print “Equal to 5” 5>
Print “Greater than 5”
9. Write a program which read a character and print it if it’s uppercase letter.
10. Write a program which read a character and print it if it’s a lowercase letter.
11. Write a program to find out a number is in the given range or not. If the number is between 5 to
9 then print “Between ranges” otherwise print “Not in the range”.
12. Write a program which read a character and if it’s a ‘y’ or ‘Y’ prints it otherwise terminate the
program.
13. Write a program which reads two numbers add the two numbers and show the results in the
new line with appropriate messages.
14. Write a program which reads two numbers subtract two numbers and show the result in
the new line.
15. Write a program that read alphabet randomly and print it in a alphanumeric order in the
next line.
16. Write a program to print 20 Star “*”.
17. Write a program to print the following figure:
*
**
***
****
18. Write a program for the following input output:
Input: I AM STUDENT.
Output: IAS
19. Write a program that read character until a space is read.
20. Write down a code all character Print but ‘Space ‘terminate.
21. Write a program that read character until ‘Y’ is read using Repeat.
22. Write a program for the following input output:
Input: 23
Output: 23
Input: 41
Output: 14
23. Write a program to print the number of ‘X’ from a string sequence.